This is the life of many people who are expected to be from the time of their birth
You might have carried it back, hey, that kind of person is all that youth is that competition
And who is dedicated to meet everyone 's expectations
Go freely
But when it came to say
Being told that you can live freely is in some way cruel
I expected of everyone answered within but it is likely to de responded to betrayal also familiarly likely of the country
Because he is an active person
What form Tteyuu When you are still able to help something every one of the nation's Tteyuu future guidelines
To say
Sports last week
The leaves stop of What you can do with it's right I think I wonder if not that what the need
I think that is not a thing
That he is a fan of & if he is playing a game or doing something other than Ise
As long as you do not change
I feel like I can do different ways of life with pleasure .
The athletes are people who can keep sending praise for endlessly with the result of the paper Toei.
A person and a person who remember the first place one day with a sigh
I think we are divided into until a bullet black
no very delicate child
I think that is a thing
So I think that most people can not do with effort, and those who have retired brilliantly
It feels like I 'm feeling that I'll feel painful after thinking about the future .
That I of 10 people I are thinking of the athletes of the people
Because I think it is absolutely different from what we are thinking
There is a portion also to burn out something as a Well people I'd not be expected Oisoreto
It feels like I do not understand how it would become
To feel a little split likely
If Mr. Tannec is one with 3
Or 7 's of professional sports players on the market in the fly appearance
It has been an offer from anywhere of the team until the last minute as or was a professional baseball player
In the best form of the person who is obsessed with the active duty until some time
If you choose a type that allows you to retire and retire, which one will you choose?
The most sensitive against softening feel is not amused someone to look fan Toka is
I do not think that I am
Maybe that day would have come
I see
Maybe that 's the best of each other's agreement
Perhaps I think I'm getting out of entertaining because I know that I'm most sensitive immediately
Even though it may be would not let think not probably sorry
Also border it is But I might not be boring I think
I think I wonder if not you take action something is do not quit
It is when I felt the altar honey likeness of Mitsu Dan no longer can enjoy a fan of people
Body odor is one of gravure work, for example
What one time of drawing I guess so well recently
Without thought here Somehow Toka retirement theory put forever
Forever at Tteyuu the entertainment world
Ishigami give such After all, you do not have the energy spirit force to mean can not be something different
When was the day I think I may be a variety spoke to Rutteyuu wind I myself made no
It was said that it was a scam to quit
It's full of bad bells and bells
slowly
A fixed car that will be used tomorrow
Since become Fu say likely to fix it because leave to not think cormorants
I do not bully so much